Fix Errors Not Identifying as Invalid Input Types (#941)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-graphql: docs/spec/spec.md

}
```

### 4.5 Input Types

In GraphQL, a field can have zero or more input arguments. These arguments can be either `Scalar` type, `Enum` type, or `Object` type.

#### 4.5.1 Input Union Types

> An input type can be a Ballerina union type, if and only if the union consists of one of the supported types and the other member type is `nil`. A union with nil means the input type is `String`. Any other union type will be resulting in a compilation error.

Author: ```suggestion
An input type can be a Ballerina union type, if and only if the union consists of one of the supported types and the other member type is `nil`. A union with nil means the input type is a nullable type. Any other union type will be resulting in a compilation error.
```

> An input type can be a Ballerina union type, if and only if the union consists of one of the supported types and the other member type is `nil`. A union with nil means the input type is `NON_NULL`. Any other union type will be resulting in a compilation error.

Reviewer: Is `NON_NULL` correct here ? isn't it the other type in the union ?
ex: for input `string? name` isn't it the type is SCALAR (String)

Author: Fixed.

> An input type can be a Ballerina union type, if and only if the union consists of one of the supported types and the other member type is `nil`. A union with nil means the input type is `NON_NULL`. Any other union type will be resulting in a compilation error.

Author: ```suggestion
An input type can be a Ballerina union type, if and only if the union consists of one of the supported types and the other member type is `nil`. A union with nil means the input type is `String`. Any other union type will be resulting in a compilation error.
```
